Document missing AudioWorkletGlobalScope.* pages (#25293)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/workletglobalscope/index.md

---
title: WorkletGlobalScope
slug: Web/API/WorkletGlobalScope
page-type: web-api-interface
browser-compat: api.WorkletGlobalScope
---

> {{APIRef("HTM DOM")}}

Reviewer: The spec says secure context only. Add a banner?

Author: Oh yes! I missed this one. (Hopefully, they'll be added soon automatically)

```suggestion
{{APIRef("HTM DOM")}}{{SecureContext_Header}}
```

> The **`WorkletGlobalScope`** interface is an abstract class common to all global scope associated with worklets.

Reviewer: I was wondering if there is `self` in `WorkletGlobalScope` but seems like there isn't.  https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/worklets.html#worklets-idempotent (the whole worklets chapter has more info about `WorkletGlobalScope`. Some of it might be useful to mention on this page, but it seems it is an unstable spec, so unsure what to add exactly.)

```suggestion
The **`WorkletGlobalScope`** interface is an abstract class that specific worklet scope classes inherit from. Each `WorkletGlobalScope` defines a new global environment.
```
